Add origin options to FormSpec labels (#8658)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

### `vertlabel[<X>,<Y>;<label>]`
* Textual label drawn vertically
* `label` is the text on the label
* **Note**: If the new coordinate system is enabled, vertlabels are positioned
  from the center of the text by default, not the left.

> * Newlines in a vertlabel are displayed to the right of the starting text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Newlines in a vertlabel add columns to the right of the starting text.
```

    * noclip - boolean, set to true to allow the element to exceed formspec bounds. Default to false.
* label, vertlabel
    * noclip - boolean, set to true to allow the element to exceed formspec bounds.

>     * halign - left/center/right, sets text horizontal alignment in respect to position.

Reviewer 2: Please split this into align and origin. Align should set `setTextAlignment`. Origin should be used for the positioning logic

Author: Renaming `align` to `origin` and then inverting would be fine with me.

I had no plans to make a separate `align` for multiple lines because I don't think it would be very useful (you don't know the width of the rect, so it makes it hard to know how to place it on the form), but I can add it if you want.

Reviewer 2: > you don't know the width of the rect, so it makes it hard to know how to place it on the form, and plus, it might confuse people

The code already supports alignment though? `e->setTextAlignment(halign, valign);`

Reviewer 2: > then inverting would be fine with me

What you currently call align shouldn't be inverted - that's correct.

--------------------

Text alignment only really makes sense with multi-line labels, and multi-line labels are strange with the label[] element

    * noclip - boolean, set to true to allow the element to exceed formspec bounds. Default to false.
* label, vertlabel
    * noclip - boolean, set to true to allow the element to exceed formspec bounds.
    * horigin - Sets horizontal origin in relation to label text. Possible values:
        * `left`: Left side of the bounding box
        * `center`: Center of the bounding box
        * `right`: Right side of the bounding box

>         * `leftline`: **Note**: Only for negative `newline_spacing`

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this comment?

Author: This was meant to help remove confusion by showing that `left` acts the same as `leftline` (same applies to `top` and `topline` for `vorigin`) when `newline_spacing` is positive, since the left side of the whole rect and the left side of the first line are exactly the same.  But it apparently adds more confusion; I can just remove it, unless you have a better way of putting it.

            * `label`: Acts like `left`
            * `vertlabel`: Left end of first column

>         * `centerline`:

Reviewer 2: I worry that the names of "xline" may be confusing, given it's more like the first character on the first line

Author: I could change the `horigin` values to `*column` since the first character can be considered a column.  For `vertlabel`s, it actually is the center of the entire column, not just the first character.  Making different values for `label` and `vertlabel` would just make the docs too verbose, I think.
